1. Purpose Statement
    The purpose of the book review site is a website that will provide
    a place to give reviews on books read. Users will need to be able to report
    on plot, characters, age appropriateness, overall quality.
    The audience is mainly the clients family, but also whoever wants to use it to 
    give reviews on books they read. Needs to be useable by adults, young adults and children

2. Audience Hopes
    The user will come to the site with the expectation that they will be able to 
    input a book title, if it is not there already, and fill out some sort of form
    that will enable them to leave the review. Needs to have a slider or /10 type system
    as well as needing a text box that can leave a written review

3. Content
    As outlined in the last point, the audience will need some sort of way to input a book or interact
    with exsiting books. The main way of interacting with the site will be a plus button that will allow 
    the user to add a book.

    Adding a book 
        When adding a book the user will need to be able at least the author and title. Optionally, they can
        add the page length of the book, how long it took them to read, and if they would recommend it or read
        it again. 
        There also needs to be a way to check if the book has already been added. So maybe have a screen that
        first pops up that has them input the book title and author, if it is already added it will prompt the
        user to change to the exsiting book entry. The entry button will then proceed to the additional info

    Reviewing a book    
        After a book is added, the user will be prompted to add a review in the different sections mentioned
        in the purpose statement. There will be a slider or /10 rating system, as well as a text box for 
        each section. Nothing here will be needed to proceed. If one desiers to add just a slider or rating
        they can do that, or if they want to just add a text review they can do that as well

    Searching
        There will need ot be a way to search for a book. This will just be a simple search bar

    